News Articles From https://news.yahoo.com/science/
Headline: 800 people claimed they were 'COVID-free' or vaccinated for a dance party in the Netherlands. Now 180 people have tested positive.
story: A Dutch bar that reopened while requiring a vaccine certificate or a negative COVID-19 test appears to have hosted a superspreader event.
Link: /800-people-claimed-were-covid-133408176.html

Headline: The Delta variant is causing more than 80% of new COVID-19 infections in 4 US states, including 96% of new cases in Missouri
story: The highly infectious Delta variant is on the rise in the US, and accounts for 96% of new COVID-19 cases in Missouri, Scripps Research data shows.
Link: /delta-variant-causing-more-80-123559563.html

Headline: Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine is less effective at preventing Delta infections than other variants, but still protects against severe illness, preliminary Israeli study says
story: Effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine dropped from 94% to 64% over the last month in Israel, suggesting it is less protective against the Delta variant.
Link: /pfizers-covid-19-vaccine-less-112558751.html

Headline: Climate change: Planting extra trees will boost rainfall across Europe
story: Converting agricultural land to forestry would boost summer rains by 7.6% on average, a study finds.
Link: /climate-change-planting-extra-trees-151007967.html

Headline: Inked Mummies, Linking Tattoo Artists With Their Ancestors
story: In the 1970s, hunters stumbled upon eight 500-year-old bodies preserved by the Arctic climate near Qilakitsoq, an abandoned Inuit settlement in northwest Greenland. Later, when scientists photographed the mummies with infrared film, they made an intriguing discovery: Five of the six females had delicate lines, dots and arches tattooed on their faces. For thousands of years, tattoos were more than just body decoration for Inuit and other Indigenous cultures. They served as symbols of belonging, s
Link: /inked-mummies-linking-tattoo-artists-180146405.html

Headline: Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin space venture approaches period of maximum dynamic pressure
story: Jeff Bezos may be easing back from his CEO role at Amazon, but now he’s due to feel the heat at Blue Origin, the privately held space venture he created in the year 2000. The next 31 days arguably could rank as the most crucial month so far in the history of a space company that’s headquartered in Kent, Wash., but also has employees in locales ranging from Florida and Washington, D.C., to Alabama, Texas and California. The red-letter date is July 20, the 52nd anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon la
Link: /jeff-bezos-blue-origin-space-170054537.html

Headline: Renewed quest to find Shackleton's lost Endurance ship
story: The team that came close to finding the famous 20th Century explorer's wreck will try again in 2022.
Link: /renewed-quest-shackletons-lost-endurance-145009403.html

Headline: A map shows the 12 states most at risk from COVID-19, all with high levels of Delta and below-average vaccination rates
story: The 12 US states at most risk from COVID-19 include Arkansas, Nevada, and Missouri, according to Covid Act Now, which is partnered with Harvard.
Link: /map-shows-13-states-most-125658575.html

Headline: Climate Change Is Making It Harder for Campers to Beat the Heat
story: Jill Laidlaw has worked for 37 years at Camp Cavell in Lexington, Michigan, a little spot of paradise on Lake Huron. But she has seen trouble in paradise: climate change. Temperatures in Michigan have risen by 2 to 3 degrees, on average, in the past century, and Laidlaw said she had seen the effects of that warming in many ways, from hotter days and warmer nights to stronger rainstorms, harmful algae blooms in the region's lakes and an explosion of ticks. And increasingly common bans on any kind
Link: /climate-change-making-harder-campers-115847959.html

Headline: The fast-spreading Delta virus is now dominant in California and at least 4 other states, data indicates
story: The Delta variant is likely to be dominant in the entire US soon. Data suggests it already happened in California, Iowa, Arkansas, Missouri and Utah.
Link: /fast-spreading-delta-virus-now-103722211.html

Headline: New Zealand records warmest-ever June as ski fields struggle
story: New Zealand has recorded its warmest June since recordkeeping began, as ski fields struggle to open and experts predict shorter southern winters in the future.  A range of factors led to the record, including more winds coming from the milder north rather than the Antarctic south, and unusually warm ocean temperatures, said Gregor Macara, a climate scientist at the government-owned National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research.  “But the underlying trend is of increasing temperatures and overall warming,” Macara said.
Link: /zealand-records-warmest-ever-june-072629236.html

Headline: Critically endangered antelope saiga makes comeback
story: The population of the rare saiga has more than doubled since 2019, reversing a slide towards extinction.
Link: /critically-endangered-antelope-making-comeback-230814878.html

Headline: Summer swelter trend: West gets hotter days, East hot nights
story: As outlandish as the killer heat wave that struck the Pacific Northwest was, it fits into a decades-long pattern of uneven summer warming across the United States.  The West is getting roasted by hotter summer days while the East Coast is getting swamped by hotter and stickier summer nights, an analysis of decades of U.S. summer weather data by The Associated Press shows.  State-by-state average temperature trends from 1990 to 2020 show America’s summer swelter is increasing more in some of the places that just got baked with extreme heat over the past week: California, Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, Oregon and Colorado.
Link: /summer-swelter-trend-west-gets-134723813.html

Headline: Fauci says the 'disparity in the willingness to be vaccinated' could lead to Delta variant spikes
story: The variant has been detected in all 50 states, and health officials continue to urge Americans to get vaccinated against the coronavirus.
Link: /fauci-says-disparity-willingness-vaccinated-130000807.html

Headline: Fauci urges anti-vaxxers to 'realize that the common enemy is the virus'
story: "The overwhelming proportion of people who get into trouble are the unvaccinated," Dr. Anthony Fauci said in an interview with "Meet the Press."
Link: /fauci-urges-anti-vaxxers-realize-130000104.html

Headline: NASA's Perseverance rover is driving itself around Mars using an enhanced auto-navigation system
story: Perseverance's AutoNav system lets it take charge of its drive around Mars without heavily relying on human intervention.
Link: /nasas-perseverance-rover-driving-itself-094436069.html

Headline: Then and now: Arctic sea-ice feeling the heat
story: As Arctic sea-ice melts in a warming world, it causes the world to heat more rapidly.
Link: /then-now-arctic-sea-ice-230244197.html

Headline: Chinese astronauts make first spacewalk outside new station
story: Two astronauts on Sunday made the first spacewalk outside China’s new orbital station to set up cameras and other equipment using a 15-meter-long (50-foot-long) robotic arm.  Liu Boming and Tang Hongbo were shown by state TV climbing out of the airlock as Earth rolled past below them.  The third crew member, commander Nie Haisheng, stayed inside.
Link: /chinese-astronauts-first-space-walk-042358941.html

Headline: Unvaccinated people don't only risk their own health: Their bodies become 'variant factories'
story: "The more unvaccinated people there are, the more opportunities for the virus to multiply," infectious disease expert Dr. William Schaffner said.
Link: /unvaccinated-people-dont-only-risk-023156628.html

Headline: Delta variant spreads rapidly across 5 states as people make plans for the Fourth of July weekend
story: The Delta variant has been identified in every state but appears to be spreading fastest in parts of Missouri, Arkansas, Utah, Nevada, and Colorado.
Link: /delta-variant-spreads-rapidly-across-162436575.html

Headline: The hardest question about the Florida condo collapse: Is it worth rebuilding in a city that could be underwater in 30 years?
story: As Miami real estate prices soar, $26 billion of coastal Florida property is at risk of chronic flooding by 2045, the Union of Concerned Scientists found.
Link: /hardest-florida-condo-collapse-worth-132700046.html

Headline: Images from space show California's forests and lakes drying out in a record mega-drought
story: Satellite images show the climate crisis playing out across the western US. Drought and heat are transforming the land, priming it for wildfires.
Link: /images-space-show-californias-forests-220402167.html

Headline: Some experts say J&J vaccine recipients should get an mRNA booster. Here's what we know about mixing shots.
story: The CDC and FDA don't recommend mixing vaccines, but some experts have done it, and say we shouldn't wait for data on this.
Link: /experts-j-j-vaccine-recipients-215706186.html

Headline: Tennessee Valley Authority considers replacing coal with gas
story: The nation's largest public utility is looking at shutting down three of its five remaining coal-fired power plants, saying they are old and no longer practical.  At a public hearing this week on the proposed closure of the Kingston Fossil Plant, TVA Senior Manager of Enterprise Planning Jane Elliott stressed the fact that gas provides reliability and flexibility as a fuel that can be called upon at any hour of any day.  Gas is also currently cheaper than solar, Elliott said, although prices are falling and solar should become cheaper towards the end of the decade.
Link: /tennessee-valley-authority-considers-replacing-202612660.html

Headline: Station astronauts welcome civilian space travel
story: As billionaires Jeff Bezos and Richard Branson prepare for space flights, professional astronauts say bring it on.
Link: /station-astronauts-welcome-civilian-space-194500263.html

